---
title: "Reading and Written Response"
date: 2026-02-09
---
<html>
	<head>
		<title> Reading and Writing Respone #2
		</title>
	</head>
<body>
<p>
  Scrolling through the internet seems to have become a challenge to interact with man-made media. More than ever, you begin to question, “Is this real?” In “With ‘AI slop’ distorting our reality, the world is sleepwalking into disaster,” Nesrine Malik warns of the risks that come with the unregulated power of AI. Malik emphasized the potential and documented harm of the effects of AI on society. The flooding of our information ecosystems with tempting, emotionally manipulative, and often misleading material. The introduction of generative AI to the public has intensified into a plague, one that leaves people in a vegetative state. As the power of propaganda shifts, from elected officials to internet warriors, and finally, a combination of those in between, the new face of fascism is backed by “Kirk-ified” memes and Will Smith eating spaghetti. AI captivates the older generation with a sense of nostalgia and impresses the younger generation with its seemingly limitless abilities. As the lines of reality blur, so does the truth of reality. 
	Propaganda morphs with the different forms of media that rise within each generation. From posters to movies, and eventually, to our fingertips as we scroll through social media. The establishment of social media users becoming propagandists meant that the next form of propaganda had a steady foundation to build on. AI political memefare is the new “I want YOU for the U.S. Army!” The everlasting internet makes it difficult to make people forget, but finding something funny is better than being curious.  Humor in times of fear is something familiar and comforting to younger generations. But what if the humor we’re indulging in only dulls our perceptions? The rapid improvement of AI has only further proven to be noxious to the older generation, who were taught to believe just about anything one could see with their own two eyes. As we move forward, AI plunges us into a time that is neither then nor later and whisks us away from the distress of reality. The current fascist regime is being defended by those who are deceived and baited into supporting a retro-futuristic vision of white supremacy. As AI feeds on the past and present, the “future” is deliberately manipulated to distract, confuse its audience, and shape public perceptions. 
	President Donald Trump has, fortunately or unfortunately, never been a valid source of information. His spread of disinformation, coupled with the rise of chaos from AI, has formulated a period of unease not only in America. “It’s not real, it’s AI! Or is it?” Seems to have become the initial response to any news that arises. This is ideal as AI regurgitates right-wing fantasies to “create, idealize, and sanitize political scenarios by rendering them in triumphant or nostalgic visual language.” Engagement-driven algorithms prioritize the most extreme or eye-catching material, and AI simply optimizes the signals. Quality becomes secondary to quantity and rewards sensationalism and emotional manipulation. As more people rely on online platforms for news and community, the pollution seeps into real-world affairs as social cohesion and democratic processes weaken and polarization deepens. 
</p>
</body>
</html>
